README.md, before:

![Alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/master/eTaxInvoicePdfGenerator/icon_AppETax-01.png)


e-Tax Invoice by Email - PDF Generator on PC is an .NET offline application for generate PDF/A-3 file, which developed and used in e-Tax invoice by email project, that has been included in National e-Payment Master Plan strategy (Tax scheme and electronic transaction) and followed by the regulation of Revenue Department about an invoice standard. 

The applicaion will generate [PDF/A-3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDF/A) archived with XML invoice structure written based on .NET and iTextsharp library

For more information about e-Tax Invoice by Email please visit [e-Tax](https://etax.teda.th/)


## Latest Release
Download the latest Windows x64 : [e-Tax Invoice by Email - PDF Generator on PC](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/releases/download/0.1.0/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen0.1.0.zip)

Or release page [release page](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/releases)

## Document
you can download [ installation and user guide ](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/blob/master/Document/eTax%20Invoice_PDFGen%20on%20PC%20User%20manual.pdf)  

## Dependency 
iTextSharp5.5.9.0 
 * itextsharp.dll
 * itextsharp.pdfa.dll
 * itextsharp.xtra.dll

Font
 * [THSarabun-PSK](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/blob/master/Font/th-sarabun-psk.zip)
    For font installation instruction please read installation and user guide

## License 
[GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/blob/master/LICENSE)

Permissions of this strongest copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights. When a modified version is used to provide a service over a network, the complete source code of the modified version must be made available.

Commit message:

1.0.0
[1.0.0] - 2017-06-30
[Added]
- e-Tax Invoice by TeDA - PDF Generator on PC baseline version

README.md, after:

![Alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/master/eTaxInvoicePdfGenerator/icon_AppETax.png)


## e-Tax Invoice by TeDA - PDF Generator on PC 

  e-Tax Invoice by TeDA - PDF Generator on PC  มิติใหม่ของการสร้างใบกำกับภาษีอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ โดยอำนวยความสะดวกให้ผู้ประกอบการ สามารถสร้างใบกำกับภาษีอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ เพื่อสนับสนุนโครงการ e-Tax Invoice by Email ที่เป็นความร่วมมือระหว่าง สพธอ.และกรมสรรพากร 

สพธอ.ได้ พัฒนาโปรแกรมสร้างใบกํากับภาษีในรูปแบบ [PDF/A-3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PDF/A) ให้มีข้อมูล XML ตามเอกสารข้อเสนอแนะมาตรฐานด้านเทคโนโลยีสารสนเทศ และการสื่อสารที่จําเป็นต่อธุรกรรม ทางอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ (ขมธอ. 3-2560 เวอร์ชั่น 2.0) โดยตัวโปรแกรมนี้จะทํางานบน Stand-alone PC

**คุณลักษณะสำคัญของ e-Tax Invoice by TeDA - PDF Generator on PC  :**
* บันทึกข้อมูลผู้ประกอบการ ทั้งผู้ขายและผู้ซื้อ
* บันทึกข้อมูลสินค้า/บริการ
* สร้างใบกำกับภาษีอิเล็กทรอนิกส์
* สร้างใบเพิ่มหนี้อิเล็กทรอนิกส์
* สร้างใบลดหนี้อิเล็กทรอนิกส์

## Latest Release
Windows x64 : [โปรแกรมจัดเตรียมใบกำกับภาษีอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ในรูปแบบ PDF/A-3 สำหรับติดตั้งที่เครื่อง PC](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/releases/download/0.1.0/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen0.1.0.zip)

หรือตรวจสอบ version ทั้งหมดได้จากหน้า [release page](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/releases)

## Changelog 

[Read full changelog](https://github.com/ponderelar/testgit/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

[1.0.0] - 2017-06-28

**Added** 
- e-Tax Invoice by TeDA - PDF Generator on PC baseline version 

## Document
สามารถ download ได้จาก [ คู่มือโปรแกรมจัดเตรียมใบกำกับภาษีอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ในรูปแบบ PDF/A-3 (PC) ](http://teda.th/files/etaxdocuments/eTaxInvoice_PDF_A3_pc.pdf)  

## Dependency 
iTextSharp5.5.9.0 
 * itextsharp.dll
 * itextsharp.pdfa.dll
 * itextsharp.xtra.dll

## Font
 สามารถ download ได้จาก [THSarabun-PSK](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/blob/master/Font/th-sarabun-psk.zip)
 
 > รายละเอียดการลง font สามารถอ่านได้จาก[ คู่มือโปรแกรมจัดเตรียมใบกำกับภาษีอิเล็กทรอนิกส์ในรูปแบบ PDF/A-3 (PC) ](http://teda.th/files/etaxdocuments/eTaxInvoice_PDF_A3_pc.pdf)  

## License 
[GNU Affero General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/ETDA/e-TaxInvoice-PDFgen/blob/master/LICENSE)

Permissions of this strongest copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights. When a modified version is used to provide a service over a network, the complete source code of the modified version must be made available.
